hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you a partial study with me
but also a partial be productive with me
because today I decided that I didn't
want to do loads of studying so I
studied in the morning but then in the
afternoon I decided to do some other
things which are also productive so in
that first clip there you could see me
doing a chemistry Quizlet and I actually
started doing that Quizlet at about half
seven but I only decided I wanted to
film after a while of doing it but then
I moved on to doing some chemistry
questions and these ones were on
periodicity
[Music]
after that I wrote a timed English
paragraph which is something that I like
to do every morning and I ended up doing
this for about 10-15 minutes but my
camera run out of charge halfway through
which was rather a pain and it also
meant that I wasn't able to film the
next thing which I did which was a timed
essay paragraph for religious studies
then after that I decided to do a nother
chemistry Quizlet and
I just went through two of these I find
them really helpful just for basic
revision of course I also decided to
light some candles so this Robin one was
from my friend Alana and then this
candle is my favorite one of all time
which is the two-to-one be Baker Street
one from from the page candles
after that I decided to make a Quizlet
study set and this one was for religious
studies so that kind of essay paragraph
plans but not really and I just went
through one of my essays in order to
make the quiz that sat because I think
that it's quite useful to know what I
actually end up including in essays then
after that I just did a tiny bit of
critical research for a long way in
English so I was finding some reviews
and critical essays that I could use so
then as I said in the afternoon I didn't
study but one thing that I did decide to
do was well we got a food order so I
just helped my parents put away the food
and at the same time I decided to
reorganize the fridge and I laid to
reorganize the cupboard as well so I
just went through everything and I use
my label maker to make labels so that we
could have specific sections and they
would look more organized oh and as you
might be able to see we have got a new
puppy so she's the same breed as Molly
which is an Airedale and her name is
optimum but we call her Otto and she's
really adorable and as you can see she
was just sniffing around the kitchen for
most of this clip
[Music]
so I've just finished organizing the
fridge and this is what it looks like so
here we've got juice like all of this is
due to have lots of juice because we've
got a party tonight
then we've got milk back here then we've
got other drinks and then we've got
leftovers back there then dairy here
like non milk dairy and then dips and
it's kind of like dips and falafel
because we have lots of falafel then
here we've got Delhi which kind of is
falafel but I haven't included falafel
here so all the daily foods some we've
just got loads of prawns cuz my dad's
making a curry tonight and then sauces
and then at the top I should just put
ethanol because it's incorrect is there
alcohol but that's the alcohol that my
parents have another so then we put all
the vegetables in here so we've got
salad then these are like tomatoes
onions that kind of thing cabbage and
latsis aubergine avocados broccoli and
then like all that kind of thing and the
down here it's fruit and it's kind of we
need to clean those we got apples then
there's a pineapple here and we kind of
need something to put it in but we don't
have anything to put it in there's a
mango as well it's quite gross that is
to be redone so our dining table was
quite messy so I just put some things
away and cleaned it gave it a wipe down
you
[Music]
and then I got started on reorganizing
my cupboard so I started with the nut
jaws so we have a drawer entirely for
non-smokers well my sister my a
vegetarian and so we evoke some nuts or
protein so then I just quickly unpacked
the dishwasher and yes I was talking
with my parents at the same time
so then I finished organizing the
cupboard and this did take quite a long
time and my camera ran out of charge
halfway through filming this so you only
get to see part of it
[Music]
so after that I decided to finish my
book I didn't have very long left but I
was reading God is not great by
Christopher Hitchens and if you didn't
know Christopher Hitchens is a really
famous atheist he's a bit like Richard
Dawkins I don't want to assimilate them
but they're probably the two most famous
Western atheists and this was really
interesting to read because I'm really
interested in religion at the moment
which is quite a broad interest I know
so then because we were having a party
this evening as I said I decided to bake
some cupcakes so I'm going to do some
gymnastic / a kind of general workout
now it's a no work kind of not no work
but it's a very limited day in terms of
how much homework I've done and so I
feel like I should still be doing things
that productive and of course getting
some exercise it's productive and it's
linked I do not do enough but I've been
trying to do everyday for the last few
days so let's see how it lasts I'm not
sure whether it will last let me get
back to school but I hope it will
because I actually do enjoy doing it and
I'm quite surprised at the fact that I
enjoy doing it because I've always been
quite adamant that I do not like
exercising I will talk you through what
I'm doing but I'm not going to pretend
that I'm an expert at this because as I
said I'm really bad when it comes to
exercising but I saw so just by doing
some general stretching and then I did
some of these leg exercises
and then I did some sit-ups and I didn't
do very many but I did a few and then I
did these really weird arm exercises
actually ballet exercises and a viewer
recommended the Chandler which I found
them then I did a few press ups but I'm
really bad at press ups and I just can't
do them and I use this weight hula hoop
I think I did a hundred hula hoop spins
then next I decided just to do some
handstands and cartwheels and some spins
as well it looks like so then as I said
we had a party this evening so we had a
few really close families around and we
had a lot of food as you can see then we
decided to make a movie which is
something that we do every time we meet
up at the moment we are just going
through some old home videos and
watching them it's always great fun to
do
[Music]
you